[Entry] Subject: Entry Name GIT LOG (#2236)
Codecademy/docs: content/git/concepts/log/log.md

---
Title: 'Log'
Description: 'The git log command is used to track the commit history of a project repository.'
Subjects:
  - 'Bash/Shell'
  - 'Developer Tools'
Tags:
  - 'Git'
  - 'Version Control'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-the-command-line'
  - 'learn-git'
---

In Git, the **`log`** command is used to track a [branch's](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/branch) commit history. After running, it will display project-related information, such as a detailed commit history, which can be used as a reference to go back in time to a previous version of the project.

## Example

Below is a short example of how the `git log` command works. Running `git log` will show a list of all previous commits on the current branch:

```shell
$ git log

On current branch

commit   f5b5bd8f9eaa443d4020cbe918x742e7ddd22000
Author : John Doe <John.Doe@mail.com>

> Date: Mon May 22 14:21:03 2023 -0400.

Reviewer: @RaffyRod Thanks for making that change! Since you decided to change the content, it would be helpful to include a sentence or two about the commit hash and what it means or what can be done with it. Like git revert. Revert isn't on Docs but I can make a note to have this added

---
Title: 'Log'
Description: 'The git log command is used to track the commit history of a project repository.'
Subjects:
  - 'Bash/Shell'
  - 'Developer Tools'
Tags:
  - 'Git'
  - 'Version Control'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-the-command-line'
  - 'learn-git'
---

> The git `log` command is used to track the commit history of a project's repository. After running, it will display project-related information, such as a detailed commit history, which can be used to go back in time to a previous version of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Git, the **`log`** command is used to track a [branch's](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/branch) commit history. After running, it will display project-related information, such as a detailed commit history, which can be used as a reference to go back in time to a previous version of the project.
```

## Example

> Below is a short example of how the `git log` command works. By running `git log` will show a list of all previous commit on current [branch](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/branch):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a short example of how the `git log` command works. Running `git log` will show a list of all previous commits on the current branch:
```

```shell
$ git log

On current branch

commit (commit hash unique number), example: f5b5bd8f9eaa443d4020cbe918x742e7ddd22000
Author : Author's name.

> Date: date when changes were commited to the project.

Reviewer: lets replace values with actual values or change this block to a pseudo block

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
